Add more docs (#539)
DIRACGrid/diracx: docs/dev/how-to/contribute.md

    - **Code Documentation:** Ensure that any code you write is well-documented. This includes:

        - Inline comments where necessary to explain complex logic.
        - Updating or creating Storybook documentation if you are contributing to the `diracx-web-components` library.

    - **Writing/Updating Tests:** When you change or add new code, make sure to write or update tests accordingly. This helps maintain the reliability and stability of the codebase.

    **Note:** Don't forget to update the `extensions` code if you integrate breaking changes in the `diracx-web-components` library. See [Managing the extension](manage_extension.md) for further details.

### 3. Commit

- **Conventional Commits:** All commits must follow the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) specification. This ensures that commit messages are structured and consistent, which is important for automation and versioning.

    - **Examples:**
        - `feat(cli): add transformation debug command`
        - `feat(ui): add new button component`
        - `fix(api): handle null values in response`
        - `docs(readme): update contributing guidelines`

>     - **Why?** If your commit messages do not follow this convention, the Continuous Integration (CI) process will fail, and your PR will not be merged. Please ensure your commit messages are properly formatted before pushing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If your commit messages do not follow this convention, the Continuous Integration (CI) process will fail, and your PR will not be merged. Please ensure your commit messages are properly formatted before pushing.
```

> - **Note**: We recommend using git hooks to automatically apply some validation to the commits. In `diracx`/`diracx-charts` we use [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/). In `diracx-web`, we use [`Husky`](https://typicode.github.io/husky/) is configured to run as a pre-commit hook, executing tasks such as linting staged files to maintain code consistency with the codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Note**: We recommend using git hooks to automatically apply some validation to the commits. In `diracx`/`diracx-charts` we use [`pre-commit`](https://pre-commit.com/). In `diracx-web`, we use [`Husky`](https://typicode.github.io/husky/). `pre-commit` and `Husky` are configured to run as a pre-commit hook, executing tasks such as linting staged files to maintain code consistency with the codebase.
```
